[narrator] It is said
that every several hundred years,
the goddess Athena
is reincarnated.
And now a new Athena
has been born into this world,
but, this time,
under a dark prophecy
that she will lead
mankind to ruin.
The warriors who protected
the goddess Athena
were known as Knights.
Today, a new generation
of Knights
control the fate of the world.
They are called
the Knights of the Zodiac.
[rock music playing]
[narrator]
Previously on Saint Seiya...
Whale-Spout Bomber!
Million Phantom Attack!
[yells]
Eagle Claw Flash!
[groans]
[Seiya] Marin,
are you my sister?
[waves crashing]
-[running footsteps approaching]
-[groaning]
[Seiya] Guys.
-Are you okay, Seiya?
-[gasps]
[Shaun] Seiya?
I just found out my sister
might be alive.
She might be
my old teacher, Marin.
That's terrific, Seiya!
I got my brother back.
Now you got your sister back.
Shaun, about Nero...
What about him?
He made it out, too, right,
like the rest of us?
I mean, I don't really care
how we survived,
as long as we're reunited.
Shaun, I don't know
exactly what happened,
but, when I woke up,
a strange little kid
told me we were rescued
by some guy named Master Mu.
Master Mu, I know him.
He visited my master many times.
Seiya, what are you saying?
What happened to my brother?
Master Mu got us
out of the volcano,
but he couldn't save your brother.
Why?
Look.
He even rescued the Black Knights.
He saved the Black Knights,
but not my brother?
[Seiya]
He said Nero made Master Mu
rescue everyone else first.
[gasps]
My brother rescued us,
like he used to save me
all the time.
Phoenix Nero
gave his life for us.
You're right, Magnus.
But I don't think he's dead.
Nero always finds
a way back from hell.
[crying]
He'll come back again.
I'm sure he will, Shaun.
Well, we're all safe
and accounted for,
but we still don't know
what happened
to the Gold Armor of Sagittarius.
Hmm? What's this?
[Shaun] The Gold Armor?
[Long] You had it
all along, Seiya.
[Seiya] Master Mu knows
this Gold Armor can protect Athena.
That must be why he let me keep it.
I'm sure that's why.
I guess we're done here.
Let's get this back to Sienna.
There's only one problem.
Sienna never mentioned
where we could find her.
I have an idea
where she might be.
[Seiya] I knew you'd be here.
[Sienna] Seiya!
Long, Shaun, Magnus.
I knew you'd come back.
I keep my promises.
[insects chirping]
Sienna, the prophecy,
is it true?
You want to know if I'm going
to fail and destroy humanity?
You don't want to do that, right?
What if I say yes?
How would you feel
if complete strangers
told you that you're going
to destroy humanity
and that you should die?
They all talk about Athena,
responsibility,
prophecy, my future,
as if it's all been decided,
and no one's
ever asked me how I feel.
So you do want to destroy us.
You're mean.
I'm just kidding.
I've never wanted
to destroy anyone or anything.
I know you don't.
[Sienna chuckles]
What do you see for yourself
in the future?
When I was a kid,
I thought I'd end up
a gang member or something.
But now I don't know.
I believe we're all entitled
to create our own future
and not just whatever
anyone tells us to be.
I hope I'm entitled to that as well.
That wasn't exactly
the answer I was expecting.
Well, I guess
I don't really know, then.
Listen, Seiya. I love people.
I would do anything
to protect them.
But everyone knows
the prophecy is true.
No one can deny it.
It's never been wrong.
I don't care about the prophecy.
I don't even know
if you're the real Athena.
But I know I trust you.
You're a good person.
You're the first
to see me as a person,
not as the granddaughter
of a rich man,
not as Athena, just me.
Seiya, I need you
to protect this for me.
With my life.
[leaves rustling]
[birds squawking]
[Seiya] They're coming
from the waterfall.
Something's wrong!
Mylock!
[groaning]
Save Sienna.
[cawing]
Eh?
Look...
a Silver Knight.
[laughs]
-[crows cawing]
-[laughs]
[chuckles]
What is that?
Experience the terror
of Jamian the Crow's
Dark Wing Flash!
[all gasp]
[all yell]
Seiya!
There's no escaping my reach.
My crows are extensions
of my very arms.
He's got the crows
like puppets on strings!
Try this on again.
-Dark Wing Flash!
-[yells]
Nebula Chain!
Hyah!
-[yells]
-Hah!
[groans]
Seiya!
Fetch me the girl.
-Kill the others!
-[gasps]
Sienna!
Be careful! Eh?
[laughs]
Looks like you fell for it.
Can't move.
What is this?
Feathers are sticking
to my body!
My Knights. [gasps]
[cawing]
-[gasps]
-Sienna!
[Seiya] Sienna!
[chuckles]
If you four aren't dead yet,
you will be soon enough.
Back to Sanctuary!
Farewell.
[laughter fading]
[Seiya grunting]
Come on, Cosmo.
I need you to burn!
Burn, hotter than you
ever have before!
[grunts]
[panting]
Long!
Long! Are you okay?
We can handle this.
Go help Sienna!
Okay!
Sienna!
He's alive,
and he freed himself?
Well, we're too high up.
He'll never get close enough
to stop us.
May my fist release her.
Pegasus Ryu-Sei-Ken!
No!
[yelling]
Is that one really
a mere Bronze Knight?
[grunts]
[panting]
[murmurs]
[sighs]
She's okay,
but I gotta get her out of here.
-It's been a long time, Seiya.
-[gasps]
Shaina!
You've gotta be kidding me!
[chuckles] Did you think
I'd let you escape?
How I have waited
for this moment.
[sighs]
I told you, next time we met,
I'd face you wearing my Armor.
[laughs]
Shaina, I made
your wish come true.
So which one do you want,
the boy or the girl?
-I'll take both.
-What?
First I'll kill the girl
and take the credit,
then kill Seiya
and take my vengeance.
Fine, whatever you want!
[Shaina] You're trapped
like a rat, Seiya,
stuck between Jamian and me,
to the side,
a thousand-foot drop...
death in every direction.
So what's it going to be, Seiya?
[Sienna murmuring]
Seiya?
I know you're tired of your fate
being in other people's hands,
but do you trust me?
Yes. I choose to trust you.
Then, hold on tight.
-[gasps]
-What?
No one could survive
a fall like that. It's suicide.
Huh. Leave it to Seiya
to pull something like that.
[Sienna] This must be what
it was like when I was a baby,
carried away by a Gold Knight,
completely trusting my fate
to another person.
I'll make sure they're dead...
so you can take all the credit.
[Shaina] That was brave, Seiya,
sacrificing yourself
for Athena,
your Cosmo blazing
like a falling star.
[birds chirping]
[murmurs]
Seiya?
Seiya!
Seiya, you are a true Knight.
It can't end like this.
-[whoosh]
-[gasps]
I changed my mind.
I'm going to take all the credit,
for killing Seiya...
and for killing you.
[laughs]
-I'm ordering you...
-Huh?
leave now.
That's adorable,
but Seiya's dead,
and you're going to join him.
Why? Why do we have to fight?
What's the point?
[gasps]
I never wished for any of this,
Knights killing one another.
I've never wanted
the prophecy to come true,
but everyone acts like I do.
Is it my fault,
or are we all just fools?
What is this?
I command you,
leave now!
-[Armor clanking]
-[gasps]
Cerberus Dante. Perseus Argol.
What do you want?
We're here to finish
what you failed to do.
I can take care of Seiya myself!
No one cares
about your petty little revenge.
Sanctuary has ordered you
to step aside.
But this is my fi-- [gasps]
[gasps] That Cosmo...
it's more powerful
than any I've ever felt.
That can't be Jamian's
or Seiya's.
This Cosmo, is it Athena's?
So the rumors are true.
You are the real Athena.
You're the one
who's going to destroy the world
and bring an end
to all of humanity!
Well, I won't let you!
-[cawing]
-My feathered fiends, attack!
Dark Wing Flash!
What?
[Nero] You attack the wounded,
even the one who isn't a Knight.
And I thought I was a bastard.
Who dares interfere
with Sanctuary's orders?
One who has returned from Hell.
Phoenix Nero?
Another Bronze Knight?
I've already killed Seiya.
I'll kill you next,
then the girl!
-[yells]
-[groans]
So you're on her side,
the side that will wipe out
all humanity?
I'm not on anyone's side...
and I didn't come here
to help Athena.
Seiya's not dead.
I can sense his weak Cosmo.
[gasps]
[chuckles]
Besides, I have to be the one
to finish Seiya,
to get him back
for beating me in combat.
[Nero] You've wasted
enough of my time.
What?
Now go away.
Phoenix Rising!
[yells]
[chuckles] I just blasted him
halfway to the moon.
So you're Nero,
the brother of Shaun.
I heard you sacrificed your life
for your sister
and the other Bronze Knights.
Thank you.
I didn't come here for you.
[gasps]
[snickers]
Seiya's unconscious
and can't be in good shape.
This one doesn't stand a chance.
I don't want Knights
to fight each other.
Stand down, please.
How cute. There's a Knight
baby-sitting the girl.
Show some respect, Dante.
That is the goddess Athena.
[growls]
My heart and soul respect
your total being, goddess.
But, with all due respect,
under the command
of the Grand Master,
the dean of Sanctuary,
I must take your life.
Looks like this one
wants to fight.
I'm warning you,
whoever crosses this line dies.
[chuckles]
So a Bronze Knight thinks he
can threaten two Silver Knights?
Who does he think he is?
I'm walking out of here, and I'm
taking Seiya and Sienna with me.
[Nero] If you leave right now,
I'll spare both your lives.
[sighs]
No one walks away
from the Cerberus Knight Dante!
[roars]
This one's mine.
Then I guess I have to take
Pegasus and the girl.
How boring.
So you're the one
who survived Death Queen Island?
[grunts]
-[grunts]
-[gasps]
Phoenix Phantom!
[chuckles]
Are you trying
to make fun of me?
[growls]
[roars]
You're just a Bronze Knight.
You should've known you had
no place trying to fight us.
[laughs]
Looks like you're next.
[gasps]
No. No.
[screams]
[Dante stammering]
[sighs]
[chuckles]
I expected a Silver Knight
to be much stronger than this.
Then fight me,
Silver Knight Perseus Argol,
the strongest there is.
The Cosmo coming from you
is much more powerful,
but so is the stink of defeat.
Time to close
that mouth of yours.
[ballad playing]